“You’re off to great places, today is your day. Your mountain is waiting, so get on your way.” - Dr. Seuss
“You always pass failure on the way to success.” Mickey Rooney
“No one is perfect - that’s why pencils have erasers.” Wolfgang Riebe
“Winning doesn’t always mean being first. Winning means you’re doing better than you’ve done before.” - Bonnie Blair
“It always seems impossible until it is done.” - Nelson Mandela
“In every day, there are 1,440 minutes. That means we have 1,440 daily opportunities to make a positive impact.” - Les Brown
Look up at the stars and not down at your feet. Try to make sense of what you see, and wonder about what makes the universe exist. Be curious. - Stephen Hawking
Never give in, never give in, never, never, never, never—in nothing, great or small, large or petty—never give in except to convictions of honor and good sense. - Winston Churchill
For myself I am an optimist — it does not seem to be much use being anything else. -Winston Churchill
A pessimist sees the difficulty in every opportunity; an optimist sees the opportunity in every difficulty. - Winston Churchill
Obstacles are the cost of greatness. - Robin Sharm
The question isn’t who is doing to let me, it’s who is going to stop me. - Ayn Rand
All the power is within you. You can do anything. - Swami Vivekananda
The place between your comfort zone and your dream is where life takes place. - Helen Keller
To be a star, you must shine your own light, follow your own path, and don’t worry about darkness, for that is when the stars shine brightest. - Napoleon Hill
Work hard, be kind, and amazing things will happen. - Conan O’Brien
“No” simply means begin again at one level higher. - Peter Diamandis
Do what you have to do until you can do what you want to do. - Oprah Winfrey
“I have never, ever focused on the negative of things. I always look at the positive.” – Sonia Sotomayor
The only person you are destined to become is the person you decide to be. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts. - Winston Churchill
Everything you’ve ever wanted is on the other side of fear. - George Addair
It’s your place in the world; it’s your life. Go on and do all you can with it, and make it the life you want to live. - Mae Jemison
Learn to be comfortable in the uncomfortable. Learn to be peaceful, not bored. Learn to be inspired, not scared. - Maxime Lagacé
Make each day your masterpiece. - John Wooden
Develop success from failures. Discouragement and failure are two of the surest stepping stones to success. - Dale Carnegie
The habit of persistence is the habit of victory. - Herbert Kaufman
Don’t be afraid to give up the good to go for the great. - John D. Rockefeller
We make a living by what we get, but we make a life by what we give. - Winston Chuchill
It’s hard to beat a person who never gives up. - Babe Ruth
Do the best you can until you know better. Then when you know better, do better. - Maya Angelou
The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing. - Walt Disney
Only those who dare to fail greatly can ever achieve greatly. - Robert F. Kennedy
If one advances confidently in the direction of his dreams, and endeavors to live the life which he has imagined, he will meet with a success unexpected in common hours. - Henry David Thoreau“
“Start each day with a positive thought and a grateful heart.” – Roy T. Bennett
“Be not afraid of life. Believe that life is worth living, and your belief will help create the fact.” – William James
“Keep your face to the sunshine and you cannot see a shadow.” – Helen Keller
“A lot of times people look at the negative side of what they feel they can’t do. I always look on the positive side of what I can do.” – Chuck Norris
“Positive thinking will let you do everything better than negative thinking will.” – Zig Ziglar
“In order to carry a positive action we must develop here a positive vision.” – Dalai Lama
“Attitude is a little thing that makes a big difference.” – Winston Churchill
“The real opportunity for success lies within the person and not in the job.” – Zig Ziglar
“Dwell on the beauty of life. Watch the stars, and see yourself running with them.” – Marcus Aurelius
“You can’t make positive choices for the rest of your life without an environment that makes those choices easy, natural, and enjoyable.” – Deepak Chopra
“Wherever you go, no matter what the weather, always bring your own sunshine.” – Anthony J. D’Angelo
“Be thankful for everything that happens in your life; it’s all an experience.” – Roy T. Bennett
“Stay positive in every situation and everything you do, never stop trying, have faith don’t stop due to failure.” – Anurag Prakash Ray
“Be mindful. Be grateful. Be positive. Be true. Be kind.” – Roy T. Bennett
“Believe you can and you’re halfway there.” – Theodore Roosevelt
“Optimism is a happiness magnet. If you stay positive, good things and good people will be drawn to you.” – Mary Lou Retton
“Yesterday is not ours to recover, but tomorrow is ours to win or lose.” – Lyndon B. Johnson
Think of 3 people who are important to you. Send them a note to say something positive to them. Don't wait, do it now. 
“Change may not always bring growth, but there is no growth without change.” – Roy T. Bennett
“Focus on your strengths, not your weaknesses. Focus on your character, not your reputation. Focus on your blessings, not your misfortunes.” – Roy T. Bennett
“Once you replace negative thoughts with positive ones, you’ll start having positive results.” – Willie Nelson
“Love yourself. It is important to stay positive because beauty comes from the inside out.” – Jenn Proske
“Let us rise up and be thankful, for if we didn’t learn a lot today, at least we learned a little, and if we didn’t learn a little, at least we didn’t get sick, and if we got sick, at least we didn’t die; so let us all be thankful.” – Buddha
“When I let go of what I am, I become what I might be.” – Lao Tzu
“No matter what you’re going through, there’s a light at the end of the tunnel and it may seem hard to get to it but you can do it and just keep working towards it and you’ll find the positive side of things.” – Demi Lovato
“There is no royal road to anything. One thing at a time, all things in succession. That which grows fast, withers as rapidly. That which grows slowly, endures.” – Josiah Gilbert Holland
“Positive thinking will let you do everything better than negative thinking will.” – Zig Ziglar
“In order to carry a positive action we must develop here a positive vision.” – Dalai Lama
“Attitude is a little thing that makes a big difference.” – Winston Churchill
“When you go through a negative situation, don’t think about it. Make it positive.” – Yoko Ono
“Choosing to be positive and having a grateful attitude is going to determine how you’re going to live your life.” – Joel Osteen
“You need to be able to manage stress because hard times will come, and a positive outlook is what gets you through.” – Marie Osmond
“Virtually nothing is impossible in this world if you just put your mind to it and maintain a positive attitude.” – Lou Holtz
“When you think positive, good things happen.” – Matt Kemp
“Love yourself. It is important to stay positive because beauty comes from the inside out.” – Jenn Proske
“Positive thinking will let you use the ability which you have, and that is awesome.” – Zig Ziglar
“You have to enjoy life. Always be surrounded by people that you like, people who have a nice conversation. There are so many positive things to think about.” – Sophia Loren
“When the negative thoughts come – and they will; they come to all of us – it’s not enough to just not dwell on it… You’ve got to replace it with a positive thought.” – Joel Osteen
“Instead of hating, I have chosen to forgive and spend all of my positive energy on changing the world.” – Camryn Manheim
“Never stop dreaming, never stop believing, never give up, never stop trying, and never stop learning.” – Roy T. Bennett
“Surround yourself with positive people who believe in your dreams. Distance yourself from negative people who try to lower your motivation and decrease your ambition. Create space for positive people to come into your life. Surround yourself with positive people who believe in your dreams, encourage your ideas, support your ambitions, and bring out the best in you.” – Roy T. Bennett
What lies behind you and what lies in front of you, pales in comparison to what lies inside of you. Ralph Waldo Emerson
My mission in life is not merely to survive, but to thrive; and to do so with some passion, some compassion, some humor, and some style. -Maya Angelou
Try to be a rainbow in someone's cloud.  -Maya Angelou
We must let go of the life we have planned, so as to accept the one that is waiting for us. -Joseph Campbell
Thousands of candles can be lighted from a single candle, and the life of the candle will not be shortened. Happiness never decreases by being shared. - Buddha
Do your little bit of good where you are; it's those little bits of good put together that overwhelm the world. -Desmond Tutu
